Don't do that, it's my dad calling me.
Dad?
Dad, what am I doing to you?
Why are you doing this?
Greta, what are you doing here?
Do you want the half million dollars?
Don't you want to save your dying father?
Don't let him die.
I've heard him.
You're trying to trick you into taking your coordinates for nothing.
Why would you lie to me?
We have already suffered so much.
What more do you want?
Get back in there and finish the surgery.
I'll stomp you back to death.
And what we may be broke but we are still human and we have feelings.
Do you even have a conscience?
How could you be so cruel?
Go back in there.
Don't hit your cornea and I'll arrange your father's surgery immediately.
How's that?
Don't leave him.
I won't donate my cornea.
I will never trust you again.